README.md, before:

# OCI Code Editor Samples

Try our new feature:(Click, Clone and Launch)
-------------------

Clone the repository in OCI Cloud Shell: [![Clone in Cloud Shell](https://github.com/hyddel/db-appdev-vm/blob/master/ccl-csh-mac-resize.png?raw=true)](https://cloud.oracle.com/?region=us-ashburn-1&configoverride={"plugins":{"cloudshell":{"name":"cloudshell","path":"/cloudshell","url":"https://cloud-staging.oracle.com/plugins/cloudshell/latest/staging-oc1-index.tpl.html?cloudshellBackend=dev","type":"Sandbox"}},"features":{"code-editor":true,"cloudshellBackend":"dev","cse-enabled":"true"}}&tenant=bmc_operator_access&provider=ocna-saml&override_tenant=ocid1.tenancy.oc1..aaaaaaaau2kvkmgovgfzrfnuhh47x3kxmtkuqe6hzsfby5yst2hhr5comnda&cs_repo_url=https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-code-editor-samples.git&cs_open_ce=false&cs_readme_path=README.md&cs_branch=pre-prod&cs_initscript_path=run.sh)

Open the repository in OCI Code Editor: [![Open in Code Editor](https://github.com/hyddel/db-appdev-vm/blob/master/ccl-ce-mac-resize.png?raw=true)](https://cloud.oracle.com/?region=us-ashburn-1&configoverride={"plugins":{"cloudshell":{"name":"cloudshell","path":"/cloudshell","url":"https://cloud-staging.oracle.com/plugins/cloudshell/latest/staging-oc1-index.tpl.html?cloudshellBackend=dev","type":"Sandbox"}},"features":{"code-editor":true,"cloudshellBackend":"dev","cse-enabled":"true"}}&tenant=bmc_operator_access&provider=ocna-saml&override_tenant=ocid1.tenancy.oc1..aaaaaaaau2kvkmgovgfzrfnuhh47x3kxmtkuqe6hzsfby5yst2hhr5comnda&cs_repo_url=https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-code-editor-samples.git&cs_open_ce=true&cs_readme_path=README.md&cs_branch=pre-prod&cs_initscript_path=run.sh)


Try our new feature:(Click, Clone and Launch) (uses Fahd's team tenancy)
--------------------

Clone the repository in OCI Cloud Shell: [![Clone in Cloud Shell](https://github.com/hyddel/db-appdev-vm/blob/master/ccl-csh-mac-resize.png?raw=true)](https://cloud.oracle.com/?region=us-ashburn-1&configoverride={"plugins":{"cloudshell":{"name":"cloudshell","path":"/cloudshell","url":"https://cloud-staging.oracle.com/plugins/cloudshell/latest/staging-oc1-index.tpl.html?cloudshellBackend=dev","type":"Sandbox"}},"features":{"code-editor":true,"cloudshellBackend":"dev","cse-enabled":"true"}}&tenant=bmc_operator_access&provider=ocna-saml&override_tenant=ocid1.tenancy.oc1..aaaaaaaasu7rvefmsyk5kqczfmdqi5clpddejfjk2attdqnk6sbk72wajq5q&cs_repo_url=https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-code-editor-samples.git&cs_open_ce=false&cs_readme_path=README.md&cs_branch=pre-prod&cs_initscript_path=run.sh)

Open the repository in OCI Code Editor: [![Open in Code Editor](https://github.com/hyddel/db-appdev-vm/blob/master/ccl-ce-mac-resize.png?raw=true)](https://cloud.oracle.com/?region=us-ashburn-1&configoverride={"plugins":{"cloudshell":{"name":"cloudshell","path":"/cloudshell","url":"https://cloud-staging.oracle.com/plugins/cloudshell/latest/staging-oc1-index.tpl.html?cloudshellBackend=dev","type":"Sandbox"}},"features":{"code-editor":true,"cloudshellBackend":"dev","cse-enabled":"true"}}&tenant=bmc_operator_access&provider=ocna-saml&override_tenant=ocid1.tenancy.oc1..aaaaaaaasu7rvefmsyk5kqczfmdqi5clpddejfjk2attdqnk6sbk72wajq5q&cs_repo_url=https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-code-editor-samples.git&cs_open_ce=true&cs_readme_path=README.md&cs_branch=pre-prod&cs_initscript_path=run.sh)

-----------------
(Information below this not needed for CCL demo)

[![License: UPL](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-UPL-green)](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-UPL-green) [![Quality gate](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/quality_gate?project=oracle-devrel_oci-code-editor-samples)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=oracle-devrel_oci-code-editor-samples)

## Introduction
The Code Editor enables you to edit and deploy code for various OCI services directly from the OCI Console. You can now update service workflows and scripts without having to switch between the Console and your local development environments. This makes it easy to rapidly prototype cloud solutions, explore new services, and accomplish quick coding tasks.

## Getting Started
* [Click here to open Code Editor](https://cloud.oracle.com/?bdcstate=maximized&codeeditor=true) directly or login to [OCI Console](https://cloud.oracle.com/) and click  <img src="./images/oci-ce-icon.png" width="16" height="16" /> from top right corner.
* Wait for Code Editor to load

## List of Samples
* [Function Samples with OCI Code Editor](./functions/)
* [Resource Manager Stack editing with OCI Code Editor](./resource-manager-stacks/)
* [Data Science Job Artifact editing with OCI Code Editor](./data-science-jobs/)
* [OpenAPI Preview with OCI Code Editor](./open-api-view)
* [Java - GraalVM Hello World with OCI Code Editor](./java-samples/graalvmee-java-hello-world/)
* [Java - GraalVM Micronaut Hello Rest with OCI Code Editor](./java-samples/graalvmee-java-micronaut-hello-rest/)

## References
* [Blog Post - link to be updated]
* [Documentation - link to be updated]

## Contributing
This project is open source.  Please submit your contributions by forking this repository and submitting a pull request!  Oracle appreciates any contributions that are made by the open source community.

## License
Copyright (c) 2022 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more details.

ORACLE AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, FOR ANY SOFTWARE, MATERIAL OR CONTENT OF ANY KIND CONTAINED OR PRODUCED WITHIN THIS REPOSITORY, AND IN PARTICULAR SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  FURTHERMORE, ORACLE AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT REPRESENT THAT ANY CUSTOMARY SECURITY REVIEW HAS BEEN PERFORMED WITH RESPECT TO ANY SOFTWARE, MATERIAL OR CONTENT CONTAINED OR PRODUCED WITHIN THIS REPOSITORY. IN ADDITION, AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THIRD PARTIES MAY HAVE POSTED SOFTWARE, MATERIAL OR CONTENT TO THIS REPOSITORY WITHOUT ANY REVIEW. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.

Commit message:

add CCL links without boat overrides

README.md, after:

# OCI Code Editor Samples

Click, Clone and Launch (CCl) feature links for **pentest**:
-------------------

Clone the repository in OCI Cloud Shell: [![Clone in Cloud Shell](https://github.com/hyddel/db-appdev-vm/blob/master/ccl-csh-mac-resize.png?raw=true)](https://cloud.oracle.com/?region=us-ashburn-1&configoverride={"plugins":{"cloudshell":{"name":"cloudshell","path":"/cloudshell","url":"https://cloud-staging.oracle.com/plugins/cloudshell/latest/staging-oc1-index.tpl.html?cloudshellBackend=dev","type":"Sandbox"}},"features":{"code-editor":true,"cloudshellBackend":"dev","cse-enabled":"true"}}&cs_repo_url=https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-code-editor-samples.git&cs_open_ce=false&cs_readme_path=README.md&cs_branch=pre-prod&cs_initscript_path=run.sh)

Open the repository in OCI Code Editor: [![Open in Code Editor](https://github.com/hyddel/db-appdev-vm/blob/master/ccl-ce-mac-resize.png?raw=true)](https://cloud.oracle.com/?region=us-ashburn-1&configoverride={"plugins":{"cloudshell":{"name":"cloudshell","path":"/cloudshell","url":"https://cloud-staging.oracle.com/plugins/cloudshell/latest/staging-oc1-index.tpl.html?cloudshellBackend=dev","type":"Sandbox"}},"features":{"code-editor":true,"cloudshellBackend":"dev","cse-enabled":"true"}}&cs_repo_url=https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-code-editor-samples.git&cs_open_ce=true&cs_readme_path=README.md&cs_branch=pre-prod&cs_initscript_path=run.sh)

Try our new feature:(Click, Clone and Launch)
-------------------

Clone the repository in OCI Cloud Shell: [![Clone in Cloud Shell](https://github.com/hyddel/db-appdev-vm/blob/master/ccl-csh-mac-resize.png?raw=true)](https://cloud.oracle.com/?region=us-ashburn-1&configoverride={"plugins":{"cloudshell":{"name":"cloudshell","path":"/cloudshell","url":"https://cloud-staging.oracle.com/plugins/cloudshell/latest/staging-oc1-index.tpl.html?cloudshellBackend=dev","type":"Sandbox"}},"features":{"code-editor":true,"cloudshellBackend":"dev","cse-enabled":"true"}}&tenant=bmc_operator_access&provider=ocna-saml&override_tenant=ocid1.tenancy.oc1..aaaaaaaau2kvkmgovgfzrfnuhh47x3kxmtkuqe6hzsfby5yst2hhr5comnda&cs_repo_url=https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-code-editor-samples.git&cs_open_ce=false&cs_readme_path=README.md&cs_branch=pre-prod&cs_initscript_path=run.sh)

Open the repository in OCI Code Editor: [![Open in Code Editor](https://github.com/hyddel/db-appdev-vm/blob/master/ccl-ce-mac-resize.png?raw=true)](https://cloud.oracle.com/?region=us-ashburn-1&configoverride={"plugins":{"cloudshell":{"name":"cloudshell","path":"/cloudshell","url":"https://cloud-staging.oracle.com/plugins/cloudshell/latest/staging-oc1-index.tpl.html?cloudshellBackend=dev","type":"Sandbox"}},"features":{"code-editor":true,"cloudshellBackend":"dev","cse-enabled":"true"}}&tenant=bmc_operator_access&provider=ocna-saml&override_tenant=ocid1.tenancy.oc1..aaaaaaaau2kvkmgovgfzrfnuhh47x3kxmtkuqe6hzsfby5yst2hhr5comnda&cs_repo_url=https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-code-editor-samples.git&cs_open_ce=true&cs_readme_path=README.md&cs_branch=pre-prod&cs_initscript_path=run.sh)


Try our new feature:(Click, Clone and Launch) (uses Fahd's team tenancy)
--------------------

Clone the repository in OCI Cloud Shell: [![Clone in Cloud Shell](https://github.com/hyddel/db-appdev-vm/blob/master/ccl-csh-mac-resize.png?raw=true)](https://cloud.oracle.com/?region=us-ashburn-1&configoverride={"plugins":{"cloudshell":{"name":"cloudshell","path":"/cloudshell","url":"https://cloud-staging.oracle.com/plugins/cloudshell/latest/staging-oc1-index.tpl.html?cloudshellBackend=dev","type":"Sandbox"}},"features":{"code-editor":true,"cloudshellBackend":"dev","cse-enabled":"true"}}&tenant=bmc_operator_access&provider=ocna-saml&override_tenant=ocid1.tenancy.oc1..aaaaaaaasu7rvefmsyk5kqczfmdqi5clpddejfjk2attdqnk6sbk72wajq5q&cs_repo_url=https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-code-editor-samples.git&cs_open_ce=false&cs_readme_path=README.md&cs_branch=pre-prod&cs_initscript_path=run.sh)

Open the repository in OCI Code Editor: [![Open in Code Editor](https://github.com/hyddel/db-appdev-vm/blob/master/ccl-ce-mac-resize.png?raw=true)](https://cloud.oracle.com/?region=us-ashburn-1&configoverride={"plugins":{"cloudshell":{"name":"cloudshell","path":"/cloudshell","url":"https://cloud-staging.oracle.com/plugins/cloudshell/latest/staging-oc1-index.tpl.html?cloudshellBackend=dev","type":"Sandbox"}},"features":{"code-editor":true,"cloudshellBackend":"dev","cse-enabled":"true"}}&tenant=bmc_operator_access&provider=ocna-saml&override_tenant=ocid1.tenancy.oc1..aaaaaaaasu7rvefmsyk5kqczfmdqi5clpddejfjk2attdqnk6sbk72wajq5q&cs_repo_url=https://github.com/oracle-devrel/oci-code-editor-samples.git&cs_open_ce=true&cs_readme_path=README.md&cs_branch=pre-prod&cs_initscript_path=run.sh)

-----------------
(Information below this not needed for CCL demo)

[![License: UPL](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-UPL-green)](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-UPL-green) [![Quality gate](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/quality_gate?project=oracle-devrel_oci-code-editor-samples)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=oracle-devrel_oci-code-editor-samples)

## Introduction
The Code Editor enables you to edit and deploy code for various OCI services directly from the OCI Console. You can now update service workflows and scripts without having to switch between the Console and your local development environments. This makes it easy to rapidly prototype cloud solutions, explore new services, and accomplish quick coding tasks.

## Getting Started
* [Click here to open Code Editor](https://cloud.oracle.com/?bdcstate=maximized&codeeditor=true) directly or login to [OCI Console](https://cloud.oracle.com/) and click  <img src="./images/oci-ce-icon.png" width="16" height="16" /> from top right corner.
* Wait for Code Editor to load

## List of Samples
* [Function Samples with OCI Code Editor](./functions/)
* [Resource Manager Stack editing with OCI Code Editor](./resource-manager-stacks/)
* [Data Science Job Artifact editing with OCI Code Editor](./data-science-jobs/)
* [OpenAPI Preview with OCI Code Editor](./open-api-view)
* [Java - GraalVM Hello World with OCI Code Editor](./java-samples/graalvmee-java-hello-world/)
* [Java - GraalVM Micronaut Hello Rest with OCI Code Editor](./java-samples/graalvmee-java-micronaut-hello-rest/)

## References
* [Blog Post - link to be updated]
* [Documentation - link to be updated]

## Contributing
This project is open source.  Please submit your contributions by forking this repository and submitting a pull request!  Oracle appreciates any contributions that are made by the open source community.

## License
Copyright (c) 2022 Oracle and/or its affiliates.

Licensed under the Universal Permissive License (UPL), Version 1.0.

See [LICENSE](LICENSE) for more details.

ORACLE AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT PROVIDE ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, FOR ANY SOFTWARE, MATERIAL OR CONTENT OF ANY KIND CONTAINED OR PRODUCED WITHIN THIS REPOSITORY, AND IN PARTICULAR SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  FURTHERMORE, ORACLE AND ITS AFFILIATES DO NOT REPRESENT THAT ANY CUSTOMARY SECURITY REVIEW HAS BEEN PERFORMED WITH RESPECT TO ANY SOFTWARE, MATERIAL OR CONTENT CONTAINED OR PRODUCED WITHIN THIS REPOSITORY. IN ADDITION, AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, THIRD PARTIES MAY HAVE POSTED SOFTWARE, MATERIAL OR CONTENT TO THIS REPOSITORY WITHOUT ANY REVIEW. USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
